# Summary

This folder contains .csv files that were generated by/for R for the meta-analysis of organoids/organ-on-a-chip publications.

# Files and folders

## temps/
The folder was used by R to store csv files which can be manually checked for the quality-control purpose.

## OoC_edge_lvl3_nudge_F.csv

Used in *./R/fig_organ_classifications.R* to manually adjust positions of text labels in a graph. Columns contain organ names, x-axis position adjustments, and y-axis position adjustments.

## OoC_vertice_F.csv

Used in *./R/fig_organ_links.R* to manually adjust positions of text labels in a graph. Columns include hjust and vjust which show position adjustments of text labels of corresponding organ names.

## PP_organoid_edge_lvl3_nudge_F.csv
Similar to *OoC_edge_lvl3_nudge_F.csv*, but this file is for drawing the circular packing graph of preprint publications on organoids.

## PubMed_Timeline_Results_by_Year.csv

The number of research articles in the tumor research area between 2011 and 2022 on PubMed. The file was used in *./R/fig_corpus_summary.R* in order to compare the growth of publication counts in organoid, OoC, and tumor research. The publication search was performed with the search condition shown below. The result was saved by clicking "download csv" on top of the histogram at the top-left corner of the PubMed page.

### Search condition

1. "tumor" or "cancer" as Text Word
2. "English" as language
3. "2011 - 2022" as publication date range.
4. "journal article" but not "comment", "review", "retracted publication", or "retraction of publication" as document types.

### Search strings

Search: ((((tumor[Text Word] OR cancer[Text Word]) AND ("english"[Language])) AND (("2011/01/01"[Date - Publication] : "3000"[Date - Publication]))) AND ("journal article"[Publication Type])) NOT ("retracted publication"[Publication Type] OR "retraction of publication"[Publication Type] OR "review"[Publication Type] OR "comment"[Publication Type])

(("tumor"[Text Word] OR "cancer"[Text Word]) AND "english"[Language] AND 2011/01/01:3000/12/31[Date - Publication] AND "journal article"[Publication Type]) NOT ("retracted publication"[Publication Type] OR "retraction of publication"[Publication Type] OR "review"[Publication Type] OR "comment"[Publication Type])

## README_csv.md

This file.

## all_countries_F.csv

A list of countries that were detected in the address field of the corpus, along with the populations. The population data was obtained from wikipedia (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_and_dependencies_by_population). The file was used to generate world research maps on *./R/fig_global_trends.R*.

## category_names_F.csv

A conversion table for research topics, used for conversions among column names, research topics (in writing styles to be used as figure labels), and topic groups. It also contains occurrences of each research topic, filters showing which reserach topics to plot depending on figure type, and numbers indicating which subsets of the figures the research topics belong to, which may be used when a large multiple-page figure is generated. The file was used in *./R/fig_model_comparison.R*.

## duplicates_ooc_checked.csv

A subcorpus consisting of potential duplicate publications in the organ-on-a-chip corpus, detected by title matching. The file is based on *./csv/temps/duplicates_ooc.csv*, which was manually checked, adjusted, and saved as this file. The file was used in *./R/formatting.R* to remove duplicate publications.

## duplicates_or_checked.csv

Same as above, but for the organoid corpus.

## edge_all.csv

An edge list for hierarchical organ classification. The first column represents a higher category, with a lower category in the second column. For example, a branch of the hierarchical classification *gastrointestinal* - *intestine* - *colon* is expressed as *gastrointestinal* - *intestine* in one row, and *intestine* - *colon* in another. The file also includes *major_organ* and *tumor_organ* columns, which show the highest organ category (the 1st-level organ category), and the tumor classification category, respectively, of the corresponding organ category listed in the *to* column. The file was used for hierarchical organ classification in *./R/organ_types.R* and for circular packing graphs and network graphs in *./R/fig_organ_classifications.R*, among others.

## minor_organisms_F.csv

A subcorpous of publications that mention one or more of minor research orgamisms. Each row contains a publication. Columns starting with "TF_" contain integer values showing if the corresponding organism is mentioned in the publication. The file is based on *./csv/temps/minor_organisms.csv*, which was manually checked, adjusted, and saved as this file. The file was used in *./R/organism_F* to manually correct the classifications of minor research organisms. 

## organoid_edge_lvl3_nudge_F.csv

Same as the above *OoC_edge_lvl3_nudge_F.csv*, but for the organoid corpus.

## organoid_vertice_F.csv

Same as the above *OoC_vertice_F.csv*, but for the organoid corpus.

## pre_derived_organoid_F

A list of terms that occurred before "[- ]derived organoid". Also showing whether or not to include the term for consideration as a cell sorces. Used in *./R/cell_types_F.R*. If the value in the *include* column is "y", the corresponding term in the *pre_words* column is included in *tissue* when followed by "[- ]derived organoid". If the value is "t", then the word is included in *tumor cell* when followed by "[- ]derived organoid". 

## pre_dev_F.csv

A list of terms that occurred before "development", along with the column *include* to show whether the word is considered for "organ_development". Used in *./R/research_topics.R*.

## pre_onchip_all_F.csv

A list of terms and phrases that occurred before "onchip", along with the *include* column to show whether or not to consider the term for organ-on-a-chip. This file is based on *./csv/temps/pre_onchip_all_df.csv*, which was manually checked, adjusted, and saved as this file. Also, two-word organ names were added. Used in *./R/formatting.R* to select organ-on-a-chip publications from the on-a-chip corpus. 

## pre_stem_F.csv

A list of terms that occurred before "stem cell", along with the column *include*. If the value in this column is "y", then the corresponding term is included in "adlut stem cell" when followed by "stem cell". If the value is "t", then the term is included in tumor cells instead. Used in *./R/cell_types_F.R*.

## pre_words_F.csv

A list of terms that occurred before "organoid" or "onchip", along with the column *include* which shows whether the term should be considered as organ name equivalents. Values in the *include* column are either "y", "n", or "c", which respectively means "include as an organ name", "not to include", or "to have a look at the word before" which in some cased led to detection of two-words organ names. Used in *./R/organ_types.R* to capture organ types of models used in research.

## rare_organ_papers_checked.csv
A subcorpus of publications that study infrequently researched organs. The file is based on *./csv/temps/rare_organ_papers.csv*, which was manually checked, adjusted, and saved as this file. Used in *./R/organ_types.R* to manually correct the organ type classification. 

## tumor_detected_F.csv

A list of potential oncological terms, with the column *include* that shows whether or not to include the term for consideration as "tumor" for research topics. Used in *./R/research_topics.R*. 
